I created this set of flash cards for a learner of Chinese. This involves a few notable challenges that make it different from other language flashcards.  
First, Chinese is what linguists refer to as a 'logo-graphic' language, meaning it does not have a phonetic alphabet by which one can compose words based on their pronunciation. Therefore, it is difficule for the average student to read in Chinese without a fairly high level of competency. I think that this app is more suited as a display of ways of approaching the Chinese language in flash-card format. For this reason, all of the buttons and the feedback messages were all in Chinese. Nevertheless, it is not realistic to expect the average participant to receive meaningful feedback in this way. The answers were on the flip-side of the cards are written in English as well as whats known as 'Pin yin'. This is a phonetic alphabet designed for the instruction of children and foreigners in the Chinese language. But it does document the pronunciation.  
These prompts are accompanied with a score count feature which essentially keeps track of the number of correct entries the user provides. It is easy to access the correct answer since one merely needs to hover over the card and the answer displays.  
I prepared this project as a student of immersive software at General Assembly, and in the future, I would like to continue with this type of thing, perhaps making one that would be more appropriate for native speakers of Chinese learning Esnglish.
